## Purpose

This folder contains the images used in our [manuscript](https://github.gatech.edu/jasplund3/corona19GA/blob/master/Manuscript/Community-level%20Covid-19%20Case%20Measurement%20and%20Intervention%20Version%201.pdf) at high quality resolution.

## Contents

* `Fig1` **Intervention Scenarios:** Description of the intervention scenarios considered in this study along with their scenario number referred in the Results section. 
* `Fig2` **State level outcomes: NIC under all scenarios; 4-week, 5-week and 6-week SIP scenarios:** NIC under all scenarios including baseline (top left plot), NIC under 4-week SIP followed by Low (Scenario 1), Medium (Scenario 2), High (Scenario 3) VQ compliance (top right plot), NIC under 5-week SIP followed by Low (Scenario 4), Medium (Scenario 5), High (Scenario 6) VQ compliance (bottom left plot), NIC under 6-week SIP followed by Low (Scenario 7), Mid (Scenario 8), High (Scenario 9) VQ compliance (bottom right plot). 
* `Fig3` **COVID19-related peak healthcare resource demand for 4-week SIP, mid VQ compliance post-SIP:**  COVID19-related hospital bed (top left plot), ICU bed (top right plot), and ventilator (bottom center plot) peak needs for 4-week SIP, mid VQ compliance post-SIP (Scenario 2). 
* `S1_Fig` **Model descriptions:** Agent-base model incorporates the natural history of the disease for each individual agent, by age group, and the interactions at the household, peer group, and community, across different geographic areas. 
* `S2_Fig` **County-level risk factor:** County-level risk factor (left) and its multiplier (right) derived by applying the principal component analysis on several factors known to impact a higher risk of complications and severe outcomes for COVID19 infections, including prevalence of asthma, diabetes, obesity, smoking, cardiovascular disease and chronic conditions in general. 
* `S3_Fig` **Cumulative number of COVID19 deaths and infections:** Cumulative number of COVID19 deaths (left plot) and infections (right plot) of Scenarios 1, 2, 3 with respect to confirmed numbers of Georgia. On left, the actual COVID19 deaths in Georgia is plotted whereas on right, the confirmed COVID19 cases in Georgia multiplied by 8 to account for under-testing and existence of asymptomatic cases and moved one week earlier to account for incubation period. 
* `S4_Fig` **State level outcomes: IAR, CAR, ISOR, IFR, HB, ICUB, V across all scenarios:** State Level Outcomes: IAR (first row left plot), CAR (first row right plot), ISOR (second row left plot), IFR (second row right plot), HB (third row left plot), ICUB (third row right plot), V (fourth row center plot) across all scenarios (including the baseline scenarios). 
* `S5_Fig` **State level outcomes: NIC for low, mid, and high levels of VQ after 4, 5, and 6 weeks of SIP:** Daily new COVID19 infections when Low VQ is combined with 4 week (Scenario 1), 5 week (Scenario 4), 6 week (Scenario 7) SIP (top left plot), Mid VQ is combined with 4 week (Scenario 2), 5 week (Scenario 5), 6 week (Scenario 8) SIP (top right plot), High VQ is combined with 4 week (Scenario 3), 5 week (Scenario 6), 6 week (Scenario 9) SIP (bottom center plot). 
* `S6_Fig` **Number of new cases per 100,000 people:** Three maps of Georgia at the county level recording the number of new cases per 100,000 people for May 15, 2020 (simulated data from our model), June 15, 2020 (simulated data), and July 11, 2020 (simulated data). 
