## Purpose 

This folder contains the data used to populate the graphs and results in our [manuscript](https://github.gatech.edu/jasplund3/corona19GA/blob/master/Manuscript/Community-level%20Covid-19%20Case%20Measurement%20and%20Intervention%20Version%201.pdf).

## Contents

* `S1_Fig.xlsx` contains the outcome measures for Scenarios 1-9, no intervention, and school closing only. 
* `S2_Fig.xlsx` contains the hospital bed, ICU bed, and ventilator demand for no intervention. That is, the number of people that need hospital beds, ICU beds, and ventilators is recorded for each hospital region under no intervention.
* `S3_Fig.xlsx` contains the hospital bed, ICU bed, and ventilator demand for school closing only. That is, the number of people that need hospital beds, ICU beds, and ventilators is recorded for each hospital region under school closing only.
* `S4_Fig.xlsx` contains the hospital bed, ICU bed, and ventilator demand for Scenario 1. That is, the number of people that need hospital beds, ICU beds, and ventilators is recorded for each hospital region under Scenario 1.
* `S5_Fig.xlsx` contains the hospital bed, ICU bed, and ventilator demand for Scenario 2. That is, the number of people that need hospital beds, ICU beds, and ventilators is recorded for each hospital region under Scenario 2.
* `S6_Fig.xlsx` contains the hospital bed, ICU bed, and ventilator demand for Scenario 3. That is, the number of people that need hospital beds, ICU beds, and ventilators is recorded for each hospital region under Scenario 3. 
* `S7_Fig.xlsx` contains the hospital bed, ICU bed, and ventilator demand for Scenario 4. That is, the number of people that need hospital beds, ICU beds, and ventilators is recorded for each hospital region under Scenario 4.
* `S8_Fig.xlsx` contains the hospital bed, ICU bed, and ventilator demand for Scenario 5. That is, the number of people that need hospital beds, ICU beds, and ventilators is recorded for each hospital region under Scenario 5.
* `S9_Fig.xlsx` contains the hospital bed, ICU bed, and ventilator demand for Scenario 6. That is, the number of people that need hospital beds, ICU beds, and ventilators is recorded for each hospital region under Scenario 6.
* `S10_Fig.xlsx` contains the hospital bed, ICU bed, and ventilator demand for Scenario 7. That is, the number of people that need hospital beds, ICU beds, and ventilators is recorded for each hospital region under Scenario 7.
* `S11_Fig.xlsx` contains the hospital bed, ICU bed, and ventilator demand for Scenario 8. That is, the number of people that need hospital beds, ICU beds, and ventilators is recorded for each hospital region under Scenario 8.
* `S12_Fig.xlsx` contains the hospital bed, ICU bed, and ventilator demand for Scenario 9. That is, the number of people that need hospital beds, ICU beds, and ventilators is recorded for each hospital region under Scenario 9.
* `S13_Fig.xlsx` contains the average number of people in each state of the simulation for the first 180 days. Data values are averages from the 30 runs. The various states recorded are susceptible, exposed, pre-symptomatic, symptomatic, asymptomatic, recovered, hospitalized and dead. Since the simulation is based on the population of Georgia, and each entity in the simulation represents ten people, all data values recorded are based on one-tenth of the population of Georgia, that is, there are a total of roughly one million people in the simulation. 
* `S14_Fig.xlsx` contains the average number of daily new infections in the simulation for the first 180 days. Data values are averages from the 30 runs. The number of children, adults, elderly and total number of people infected on a given day in the simulation is recorded. Since the simulation is based on the population of Georgia, and each entity in the simulation represents ten people, all data values recorded are based on one-tenth of the population of Georgia, that is, there are a total of roughly one million people in the simulation. 
* `S15_Fig.xlsx` contains the average number of daily new symptomatic cases in the simulation for the first 180 days. Data values are averages from the 30 runs. The number of children, adults, elderly and total number of people who developed symptoms on a given day in the simulation is recorded. Since the simulation is based on the population of Georgia, and each entity in the simulation represents ten people, all data values recorded are based on one-tenth of the population of Georgia, that is, there are a total of roughly one million people in the simulation. 
* `S16_Fig.xlsx` contains the average number of daily new hospitalizations in the simulation for the first 180 days. Data values are averages from the 30 runs. The number of children, adults, elderly and total number of people who are hospitalized on a given day in the simulation is recorded. Since the simulation is based on the population of Georgia, and each entity in the simulation represents ten people, all data values recorded are based on one-tenth of the population of Georgia, that is, there are a total of roughly one million people in the simulation. 
